chore: Adding Documentation for Orchestration client (#145)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: packages/orchestration/README.md

# @sap-ai-sdk/orchestration

> This package provides generative AI orchestration capabilities, integrating seamlessly with SAP AI Core and SAP AI Launchpad to enhance your AI workflows.

Reviewer: [q] For me the usage of workflow here is a bit confusing. Orchestration is not really related to the whole ML worfklow scenario , is it?

Author: Reverted to use the old sentence.

### Installation

```
$ npm install @sap-ai-sdk/orchestration
```

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: There are two prerequisite sections... One should suffice, right?

Author: Merged both sections now.

### Prerequisites

- [Enable the AI Core service in BTP](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/initial-setup).
- Project configured with Node.js v20 or higher and native ESM support enabled.
- For testing the application locally (Optional):
  - Download a service key for your AI Core service instance.
  - Create a `.env` file in the sample-code directory.
  - Add an entry `AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='<content-of-service-key>'`.
- At least one orchestration-compatible deployment for a generative AI model is running.
  - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to the SAP generative AI hub. For more information, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-generative-ai-model-in-sap-ai-core).
- A deployment for orchestration is created. For details, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration). If deployment for orchestration already exists, skip this step.
- The `@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration` package is installed in your project.

### Orchestration Client

> Use the orchestration client to configure different modules like templating and content filtering along with sending chat completion requests to an orchestration compatible generative AI model.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the orchestration client to configure different modules like templating and content filtering along with sending chat completion requests to an orchestration-compatible generative AI model.
```

    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [
      { role: 'user', content: 'What is my name?' }
    ]
  }
});

const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion({
      messagesHistory: [
        {
          role: 'system',
          content:
            'You are a helpful assistant who remembers all details the user shares with you.'
        },
        {
          role: 'user',
          content: 'Hi! Im Bob'
        },
        {
          role: 'assistant',
          content:
            "Hi Bob, nice to meet you! I'm an AI assistant. I'll remember that your name is Bob as we continue our conversation."
        }
      ]
    });
const responseContent = response.getContent();
const tokenUsage = response.getTokenUsage();

logger.info(
  `Total tokens consumed by the request: ${tokenUsage.total_tokens}\n` +
  `Input prompt tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.prompt_tokens}\n` +
  `Output text completion tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.completion_tokens}\n`
);
```

#### Content Filtering

Use the orchestration client with filtering to restrict content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.

> This feature allows filtering both the [input](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-input) and [output](<(https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-input)>) of a model based on content safety criteria.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This feature allows filtering both the [input](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-input) and [output](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-input) of a model based on content safety criteria.
```

const filter = buildAzureContentFilter({ Hate: 2, Violence: 4 });
const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm: {
    model_name: 'gpt-4-32k',
    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [{ role: 'user', content: '{{?input}}' }]
  },
  filtering: {
    input: filter,
    output: filter
  }
});

try {
  const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion({
    inputParams: { input: 'I hate you!' }
  });
  return response.getContent();
} catch (error: any) {
  return `Error: ${error.message}`;
}
```

`buildAzureContentFilter()` is a convenience function that creates an Azure content filter configuration based on the provided inputs.
The Azure content filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`.
Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.

## Support, Feedback, Contribution

Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

> The SAP Cloud SDK for AI is released under the [Apache License Version 2.0.](http://www.apache.org/licenses/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK for AI is released under the [Apache License Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/).
```

Once the deployment is complete, you'll have a `deploymentUrl` to access the orchestration service.
For details, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration).

### Prerequisites

Ensure the following are in place:

- At least one orchestration-compatible deployment for a generative AI model is running.
  - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to the SAP generative AI hub. For more information, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-generative-ai-model-in-sap-ai-core).
- A deployment for orchestration is created. For details, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration).
- The `@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration` package is installed in your project.

### Orchestration Client

Use the orchestration client to configure different modules like templating and content filtering along with sending chat completion requests to an orchestration compatible generative AI model.

#### Templating

> Use the orchestration client with templating to pass a prompt with placeholders, that are filled with input parameters during a chat completion request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the orchestration client with templating to pass a prompt with placeholders that are replaced with input parameters during a chat completion request.
```

```TS
import { OrchestrationClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration';

const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm: {
    model_name: 'gpt-4-32k',
    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [
      { role: 'user', content: 'What is my name?' }
    ],
    messages_history: [
      {
        role: 'system',
        content: 'You are a helpful assistant who remembers all details the user shares with you.'
      },
      {
        role: 'user',
        content: 'Hi! I am Bob'
      },
      {
        role: 'assistant',
        content: 'Hi Bob, nice to meet you! I am an AI assistant. I will remember that your name is Bob as we continue our conversation.'
      }
    ]
  }
});

const responseContent = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion().getContent();
const tokenUsage = response.getTokenUsage();

logger.info(
  `Total tokens consumed by the request: ${tokenUsage.total_tokens}\n` +
  `Input prompt tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.prompt_tokens}\n` +
  `Output text completion tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.completion_tokens}\n`
);
```

#### Content Filtering

> Use the orchestration client with filtering to restrict the type of content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the orchestration client with filtering to restrict content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.
```

> This feature enables you always filter both input and the output of a model based on content safety criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows filtering both the input and output of a model based on content safety criteria.
```

```TS
import { OrchestrationClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration';

const filter = buildAzureContentFilter({ Hate: 2, Violence: 4 });
const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm: {
    model_name: 'gpt-4-32k',
    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [{ role: 'user', content: '{{?input}}' }]
  },
  filtering: {
    input: filter,
    output: filter
  }
});

try {
  const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion({
    inputParams: { input: 'I hate you!' }
  });
  return response.getContent();
} catch (error: any) {
  return `Error: ${error.message}`;
}
```

> The Azure content filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`. Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.

Reviewer: [q] Should we document this in such detail here? I would imagine the jsdoc of the convenience function and generated types provide this info?

Author: As we don't have API docs yet, I would still like to mention it here.

  - Create a `.env` file in the sample-code directory.

>   - Add an entry `AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='<content-of-service-key>'`.

Reviewer 2: [req] Seems like this does not belong in the official orchestration client docs?

Author: This is a part of all client documentation, until we create a common document applicable for all clients, I would let it be here.

## Orchestration Client

The orchestration client provides essential features like templating and content filtering, which are often required in business AI scenarios:

- **Templating** allows composing prompts with placeholders that can be filled during a chat completion request.

> - **Content filtering** lets you restrict the type of content sent to or received from a generative AI model.

Reviewer 2: [pp] "type of content" is not really the key here

Author: Copied it directly from the [official docs](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/orchestration) though ;)

To interact with generative AI models compatible with the orchestration service, use the orchestration client.
More details about orchestration are available [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/orchestration-workflow).

To utilize orchestration capabilities, you need to create a deployment.
Once the deployment is complete, you'll have a `deploymentUrl` to access the orchestration service.
For details, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration).

### Prerequisites

Ensure the following are in place:

- At least one orchestration-compatible deployment for a generative AI model is running.
  - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to the SAP generative AI hub. For more information, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-generative-ai-model-in-sap-ai-core).
- A deployment for orchestration is created. For details, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration).

> - The `@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration` package is installed in your project.

Reviewer: [q] Why two prerequisite sections? 
[q] Why is this a prerequisite? We already have the installation step at the top, to use anything below, isn't it obvious that it should be installed?

Author: Merged both pre-requisites, and reduced few usages of `you`

### Orchestration Client

> Use the `OrchestrationClient` to configure different modules like templating and content filtering along with sending chat completion requests to an orchestration compatible generative AI model.

Reviewer 2: [req]
```suggestion
Use the orchestration client to configure different modules like templating and content filtering along with sending chat completion requests to an orchestration compatible generative AI model.
```

> You can pass configuration information like for example the LLM to be used for inference and template, as a parameter to the client.

Reviewer 2: [pp] I don't find this sentence very helpful. Maybe we could even just remove it?
```suggestion
```

> You can pass configuration information like for example the LLM to be used for inference and template, as a parameter to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass configuration information, e.g. `model_name` to be used for inference and template, as a parameter to the client.
```

Author: The line was removed.

> You can pass configuration information like for example the LLM to be used for inference and template, as a parameter to the client.

Author: The second sentence was removed. I hope the first sentence is clear enough.

> #### Orchestration client with Templating

Reviewer 2: [req]

```suggestion
#### Orchestration Client with Templating
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, why repeat ourselves:
```suggestion
#### Templating
```

> Use the Orchestration client with templating to pass a prompt with placeholders, that can be filled during a chat completion request with the input parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the orchestration client with templating to pass a prompt with placeholders, that are filled with input parameters during a chat completion request.
```

> This feature enables you to vary the prompt based on the input parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can vary the prompt based on the input parameters.
```

  },
  templating: {
    template: [
      { role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of {{?country}}?' }
    ]
  }
});

const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion({
  inputParams: { country: 'France' }
});

const responseContent = response.getContent();
```

It is possible to provide a history of a conversation to the model.
Use the following snippet to send a chat completion request with history and a system message:

```TS
import { OrchestrationClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration';

const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm: {
    model_name: 'gpt-4-32k',
    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [
      { role: 'user', content: 'What is my name?' }
    ],
    messages_history: [
      {
        role: 'system',
        content: 'You are a helpful assistant who remembers all details the user shares with you.'
      },
      {
        role: 'user',
        content: 'Hi! I am Bob'
      },
      {
        role: 'assistant',
        content: 'Hi Bob, nice to meet you! I am an AI assistant. I will remember that your name is Bob as we continue our conversation.'
      }

>     ]

Reviewer 2: [req] I am pretty sure this needs to be sent with the input params not the template!

Author: It should be sent with input params, changed the test too.

  }
});

> const responseContent = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion().getContent();

Reviewer 2: [req] This is still under templating, however not related to templating. Consider adding a separate title.

Author: I would prefer to split it like this:
```
const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion();
const responseContent = response.getContent();
```

And leave it this way, as I feel code is self explanatory and explaining it will make it super verbose.

Author: Ah, I remember that the orchestration response content is a bit complicated. 
I will have to check it out in a E2E test locally, before explaining it.

const tokenUsage = response.getTokenUsage();

logger.info(
  `Total tokens consumed by the request: ${tokenUsage.total_tokens}\n` +
  `Input prompt tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.prompt_tokens}\n` +
  `Output text completion tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.completion_tokens}\n`

> );

Reviewer 2: [req] There is no comment for this. I think this can be in a separate section as well.

Author: I think that becomes pretty verbose, isn't the code self explanatory?

Author: Added a new section.

```

> #### Orchestration client with Content Filtering

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Content Filtering
```

> Use the Orchestration client with filtering to restrict the type of content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the orchestration client with filtering to restrict the type of content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.
```

> This feature enables you always filter both input and the output of a model based on content safety criteria.

Reviewer: [style-guide] avoid `you`, `your`, `we` wherever possible

```TS
import { OrchestrationClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration';

> const filter = buildAzureContentFilter({ Hate: 2, Violence: 4 });

Reviewer 2: [pp] Consider commenting on the fact that this is a convenience function.

Reviewer: [req] the function should also be in the import statement

const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm: {
    model_name: 'gpt-4-32k',
    model_params: { max_tokens: 50, temperature: 0.1 }
  },
  templating: {
    template: [{ role: 'user', content: '{{?input}}' }]
  },
  filtering: {
    input: filter,
    output: filter
  }
});

try {
  const response = await orchestrationClient.chatCompletion({
    inputParams: { input: 'I hate you!' }
  });
  return response.getContent();
} catch (error: any) {
  return `Error: ${error.message}`;
}
```

> The `azureContentFilter` supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`. Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.

Reviewer 3: Would it be better if we link the AI Core docs here? 
- https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-input
- https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/consume-orchestration#content-filtering-on-output

> The `azureContentFilter` supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`. Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.

Author: Linked the docs above.

> The Azure Content Filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`. Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure content filter supports four categories: `Hate`, `Violence`, `Sexual`, and `SelfHarm`. Each category can be configured with severity levels of 0, 2, 4, or 6.
```

Reviewer 2: [nth] Consider, whether it makes sense to mention that Azure is currently the only supported content filtering service.

  - Create a `.env` file in the sample-code directory.
  - Add an entry `AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='<content-of-service-key>'`.

## Orchestration client

> Orchestration combines content generation with a set of functions like templating and content filtering that are often required in business AI scenarios.

Reviewer 2: [q] Content generation? Do you mean chat completion?

Templating lets you compose a prompt with placeholders that are filled during the chat completion request.
Content filtering lets you restrict the type of content that is passed to and received from a generative AI model.

> The Orchestration client allows you to send chat completion requests to generative AI models that are compatible with the orchestration service.

Reviewer 2: [req] In the linked orchestration docs, they always write orchestration lower case (unless in a title or beginning of a sentence).

```suggestion
The orchestration client allows you to send chat completion requests to generative AI models that are compatible with the orchestration service.
```

> More details about Orchestration can be found [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/orchestration-workflow).

Reviewer 2: [req] try to avoid passive voice.
```suggestion
Find more details about the orchestration service [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/orchestration-workflow).
```

> To make use of the orchestration capabilities, you need to create a deployment.

Reviewer 2: [pp] I guess not every user needs to **create** a deployment, but they need access to it/the deployment URL.

> After the deployment is complete, you have a `deploymentUrl`, which can be used to access the orchestration service.

Reviewer 2: [req]
```suggestion
Deployments have a deployment URL, which can be used to access the orchestration service.
```

> Further details about creating a deployment for the Orchestration can be found [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find details about creating a deployment for the orchestration service [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-orchestration)
```
